Hi, can you believe the bus was late again this morning?
Yeah, it’s always Line 25. I was supposed to be at 4 Place du Marché by 8h30.
Did you see that new café on Rue de la Paix?
No, but Clara mentioned it to me.
Speaking of, Clara’s birthday is on March 18th, right?
Yes, but she’s having the party next Friday at her place in Lausanne.
I’ll need to check with my wife, Emma, if we’re free that night.
You can just text me at 079 321 56 78 if anything changes.
Sure thing. By the way, did you send your forms to Dr. Feller yet?
Not yet, I lost the envelope with my patient ID, I think it’s 651384.
I’m always losing stuff.
Haha, same. Last week, I forgot my son’s medical appointment on the 12th.
Where was it?
At Hôpital de la Tour, Avenue J.-D. Maillard 3, Meyrin.
That’s far from your place in Versoix!
Tell me about it. At least the weather was nice.
My cousin is moving to Zürich next month.
Do you have her new address?
Not yet, but her old one was 45 Hauptstrasse, Winterthur.
I just got a new phone number, finally Swiss: 078 945 31 62.
Congrats! I’m still stuck with my old French number.
Switching is annoying.
By the way, are you free on July 2nd?
I think so, why?
There’s a concert at Parc des Bastions, my friend David invited me.
David Steiner from UNIL?
No, another David, he works at the UBS branch on Rue du Rhône.
Ah okay, so many Davids.
Yeah. Did you see the email from Sophie Klein yesterday?
No, did she finally get her health insurance sorted?
Apparently yes, she got her Helsana card, number 400612983.
I should check my mailbox more often.
Have you heard from Jean-Marc?
Yes, he’s back from Italy.
He’s always traveling, lucky guy.
He sent me a postcard from Florence dated May 22nd.
Nice. I’ll probably go to Ticino this summer, maybe Lugano.
Sounds great.
My sister just had a baby, born on June 7th.
Congrats!
Thanks, her name is Nora.
Lovely.
Alright, I have to run to an appointment at 14h00 with my dentist, Dr. Maillard.
At the big clinic near Place de la Gare?
Exactly.
Good luck!
Thanks, see you later.